Quick question. Did you know pixel art
cheats with color palettes? This sprite
doesn't actually have a 100 colors. It
just pretends it does. [music] In pixel
art, your palette matters more than
detail. Too many colors and it looks
[music] muddy. Too few and it feels
dead. That's why this is low-key one of
my favorite tools. In Pixel Lab, there's
a reduce [music] colors tool. First, you
can reduce the total number of colors
automatically. [music] Second, you can
choose the exact number you want. And
third, [music] this one's huge, you can
force your sprite into a palette you
already use. [music] So, if you've set
up a palette in a sprite or Pixelorama,
Pixel Lab can match it for you. You just
hit reduce colors, pick the method,
click reduce, and suddenly your sprite
fits perfectly into the right palette.
Try this once and you'll never eyeball
colors again.